Added call for benchmarks/solvers (#12)
SMT-COMP/smt-comp.github.io: _news_2021/2021-02-05-call-for-benchmark.md

---
layout: news
author:
title: Call for Benchmarks
newsdate: 2021-02-05
---
Have interesting or hard benchmarks that can be made public? Want the world’s best SMT solvers to compete to solve your problems? Submit your benchmarks to SMT-LIB and SMT-COMP!

Please let us know as soon as possible if you are considering submitting benchmarks, even if the material is not quite ready. We will work in close cooperation with the SMT-LIB maintainers to integrate such benchmarks into SMT-LIB. The deadline for submission of new benchmarks to be used in the 2021 competition is March 15, 2021.

We encourage new benchmarks in the following logics (which appear to have ‘stagnated’ in the sense that the benchmarks in them are no longer challenging to competitive solvers):

> `ALIA', 'AUFNIRA', 'NIA', 'NRA', 'QF_ANIA', 'QF_AUFBV', 'QF_AUFNIA', 'QF_DT', 'QF_FP', 'QF_LIRA', 'QF_NIRA', 'QF_RDL', 'QF_UFBV', 'QF_UFIDL', 'QF_UFLIA', 'QF_UFLRA', 'QF_UFNIA', 'QF_UFNRA', 'UFBV', 'UFIDL', 'UFLRA'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'ALIA', 'AUFNIRA', 'NIA', 'NRA', 'QF_ANIA', 'QF_AUFBV', 'QF_AUFNIA', 'QF_DT', 'QF_FP', 'QF_LIRA', 'QF_NIRA', 'QF_RDL', 'QF_UFBV', 'QF_UFIDL', 'QF_UFLIA', 'QF_UFLRA', 'QF_UFNIA', 'QF_UFNRA', 'UFBV', 'UFIDL', 'UFLRA'
```

Author: I wanted to markup format them, but forgot the /g in  search and replace command...

I pushed another patch.

If you have large complex benchmarks that are important to you and unsolved within some reasonable time limit, we are especially interested to see them. We plan to have a parallel and a cloud track where solvers can use the combined power of multiple cores or machines to solve a single benchmark.  We would particularly like benchmarks that come with a description of why they are difficult and important.  Of course, new challenging benchmarks are always appreciated.

> In your submission please follow the guidelines in

Reviewer 2: Use the relative link: 
```suggestion
In your submission please follow [these guidelines](/benchmark_submission.html)
```

If you have large complex benchmarks that are important to you and unsolved within some reasonable time limit, we are especially interested to see them. We plan to have a parallel and a cloud track where solvers can use the combined power of multiple cores or machines to solve a single benchmark.  We would particularly like benchmarks that come with a description of why they are difficult and important.  Of course, new challenging benchmarks are always appreciated.

In your submission please follow [these guidelines](/benchmark_submission.html).

> * <https://smt-comp.github.io/benchmark_submission.html>.

Reviewer 2: Now it makes sense to remove this bullet.
